Modify rule S3610: LaYC format (#2371)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3610/csharp/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Calling https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.object.gettype[GetType()] on a https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/nullable-value-types[nullable value type] object returns the underlying value type. Thus, comparing the returned https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.type[`Type`] object to `typeof(Nullable<SomeType>)` doesn't make sense, as the comparison will either throw an https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.nullreferenceexception[NullReferenceException] or the result can be known at compile time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.object.gettype[GetType()] on a https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/nullable-value-types[nullable value type] object returns the underlying value type. Therefore, comparing the returned https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.type[`Type`] object to `typeof(Nullable<SomeType>)` will result in either an https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.nullreferenceexception[NullReferenceException] or the result will always be `true` or `false` and can be seen already at compile time.
```

== How to fix it

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,csharp,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
void DoChecks<T>(Nullable<T> nullable)
{
    bool areEqual = nullable.GetType() == typeof(Nullable<int>); // Noncompliant: always false
    bool areNotEqual = nullable.GetType() != typeof(Nullable<int>); // Noncompliant: always true

>     nullable = null;

Reviewer: I'd remove the argument and declare this variable directly in the body, since you are also setting it there - I find it more consistent and clearer this way.
```suggestion
    Nullable<T> nullable = null;
```

Author: I think it's valuable for it to be an argument, since that way we do not know the type of `T`, and the type-check can be either `true` or `false` in the compliant case (but not in the noncompliant case, hence the rule's purpose).

I changed the second example that mutates the value to use a new one.
Let me know if you disagree.
